Document Calyx RTL interface requirements (#1843)
calyxir/calyx: docs/running-calyx/interfacing.md

# Interfacing with Calyx Programs

In order to run RTL designs created from Calyx programs, toplevel `reset` and `go`
signals must be interfaced with correctly.

> Namely:
> 1. The `reset` signal must be asserted then deasserted, to initialize the state inside
> control registers correctly.
> 2. The `go` signal must be asserted for as long as the module is running. Deasserting
> the `go` signal before a component's `done` signal is asserted will lead to
> [undefined behavior][go-done].

Reviewer: How about this way to make it a bit more direct, and avoid [passive voice](https://capra.cs.cornell.edu/styleguide/#passive)?

```suggestion
Namely, the client for a Calyx top-level module must:
1. Assert the `reset` signal and then deassert it, to initialize the state inside
control registers correctly.
2. Assert the `go` signal, and keep it asserted as long as the module is running.
3. Wait for the `done` signal to be asserted while keeping `go` high. Deasserting
the `go` signal before a component deasserts its `done` signal will lead to
[undefined behavior][go-done].
```

Asserting the `reset` and `go` signals in this order is important. Otherwise the toplevel
component will begin running with garbage data inside of control registers.

Interfacing with RTL designs in this way becomes relevant when writing harnesses/testbenches

> to execute programs created with Calyx.

Reviewer: Maybe this should move to the top of the document, to help explain who should care about the rest of the document?

## Cocotb

As a concrete example, consider using [cocotb][]
to test a Calyx-generated Verilog design.

If we imagine a simple Calyx program that contains a simple toplevel module named `main`:

```
component main()->() {
    cells {
        reg = std_reg(4);
    }
    group write_to_reg {
        reg.in = 4'd3;
        reg.write_en = 1'b1;
        write_to_reg[done] = reg.done;
    }
    control{
        seq{
            write_to_reg;
        }
    }
}
```

In order to be able to actually write to our register, we need to drive our `reset` and

> `go` signals in our cocotb test:

Reviewer: It is a tiny bit surprising that this snippet of cocotb code doesn't actually wait for `done`; it just asserts `go`. Should we mention that this part is omitted? (Or is it easy enough to show that we should just include it?)

Author: Added!

```python
# Required for all cocotb testbenches. Included for completeness.
cocotb.start_soon(Clock(module.clk, 2, units="ns").start()) 

# Reset Calyx-generated control registers
main.reset.value = 1
aways ClockCycles(main.clk, 5) #wait a bit
module.reset.value = 0

# Start execution of control sequence
module.go.value = 1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
